If Mom and Dad were alive, they would be very proud of you.
You know what I'm thinking? You could have more.
I'm talking about real security for you and the family.
A government capenture contract.
You 93.6.
I had an update to our report from yesterday. Malaysia Groups are threatening to take over the capital.
Violence has been escalating in the area.
As you are aware, the branch has recommended that we meet and discuss the possibility of several unrest in our area.
There will always be rumors surrounding the elections.
The safety of the congregation is the concern.
There's no need to worry.
These are just threats, rumors.
There's nothing to it. We received a direction from the branch.
Those brothers are so far away though.
I keep wondering if they have been overly cautious.
Remember, Amani.
This strength will be...
Are you still trusting these people to guide your life?
Father Jehovah, please help me.